# Software Fixing
### 5.a. Is there a pull request that implements a solution to the problems identified by your tests?  
Our tests found no problems with the financials or quarterly_financials properties or their associated method get_financials. While a number of the issues that referenced our properties had pull requests implementing fixes, the actual method that was responsible for the aberrant behaviour was get_fundamentals. Get_fundamentals is used widely throughout the program and involves calls to an external API. Accordingly, our unit tests isolated our methods from get_fundamentals, and provided no failures. If this project had unit testing for the other methods like get_fundamentals, this design choice would make it much easier to determine the exact point of failure when encountering these issues.  
### 5.b Is there a quick fix that could be proposed to the code so that the code passes the test?
**ii.** In the interest of providing a meaningful answer, this will address the issues in get_fundamentals, regardless of the fact that it is outside of the scope of our tests. The crux of the open issues is that for some (but not all) stock tickers, the JSON received from the Yahoo Finance API is either empty or incorrect. This happens inconsistently, and some users do not experience it at all. This is not a quick fix for the following reasons:
1. The get_fundamentals method does not currently have any logic for parsing error messages in the returned JSON, meaning error checking would essentially have to be built from scratch.
2. The nature of the error messages is subject to change, as they would be a part of the Yahoo Finance API and not controlled by yfinance.
   1. Looking at how error messages are parsed in other methods that talk to the Yahoo Finance API, they are searching for specific English phrases instead of error codes or any other systematized setting. This suggests that additional work would have to be done to determine all of the possible error messages we could encounter, with little assurance that the supported list of messages is exhaustive
3. Creating tests to detect incorrect data for get_fundamentals would be difficult because the nature of returning live financial data is that the data is always going to be different. Since our source of truth (Yahoo Finance) is also a dependency of the method that needs to be tested, there is a cyclical dependency in the test, rendering it unreliable. While there are obviously other sources of financial data, many of the values produced in a financial report are calculated internally by the market analysis engine, i.e by Yahoo Finance, Bloomberg, etc. This means that even if we had a different source of truth known to be reliable, like say Bloomberg, internally calculated values like short interest could still be different from those produced by Yahoo Finance without necessarily indicating any sort of failure.